RT084 is a codename for research on how to travel across realities.
Realities are not universes, multiverses and omniverses.
### DMT
DMT(N,N-dimethyltryptamine) if swallowed in a controlled environment can let your physical mind travel onto different Realities, with its issues being:

•Temporary side effects
•Un-filters most aspects of your perception/sight of reality
•30-40% chance of entering 
•And other disruptions.
•Randomly enter another universe


While DMT has these Cons, you can still traverse and interact with people from other realities, they can respond, attack and communicate.
It is advised to wear ai powered translators when traversing, for your brain to adjust to another reality.

### Salvia
Salvia(_Salvia divinorum_) is more effective than DMT but hold more negative consequences, due of the perception of time for the brain, with 1-10 minutes being 20 to 799 years. 
Additionally, there is also a 40% chance of turning into an inanimate object on any point of time period in the alternate reality for the entire duration of the Psychedelic experience.
Also, there is a chance that what you're seeing during the experience would be alternate timelines on this universe, not outside.

As seen for the assigned subjects for [[RT084-SBB]] research, they would turn into a comatose state when they turn into an inanimate object from the other realities. 

If you're lucky, you can travel through universes in other realities in your physical body, being able to interact with anyone there(note: If you think you're trapped in there too long, you can say "████████████  ████████ ██████" to return into your main consciousness.)

### Astral projection


### OUB
OUB or "Out of bounds" is the name of an area outside reality, with its appearance being white and ground being transparent, being able to see the [[FVA]] below the ground. 

Surprisingly you can shift your body infinitely up and down on the Z-axis, with the ground always moving below you.

### Anomalous effects when outside your own reality.
If you go outside the bounds of reality, you would immediately feel your ego slowly detaching from yourself. Along with this, if you would to began moving forward, you would begin to feel concepts of reality dissolve in real time(Causality, time, life, death, physics). Essentially making reality "forget you".
If you somehow bypass these effects by being an omniscient being or a deity who is immune to any sort of concept erasure/alteration or using special equipment provided to high level officers, you would still have negative effects that would potentially kill you like

•Unknown forces leeching into your soul and mind
• Floating spheres of 768-OOJ(potentially created by the same phenomenon that created [[NULL]] and act like artillery shells and releasing  9⁸⁷ joules of energy when it collides to any form of matter )







