[quote="Part 1"]
Have you ever listened to a storm, like, truly listened?  Not with just your ears, but with your entire being?  With just your ears, you can only hear the cacophonous thunder roaring over the arrhythmic pattering of the rain, each their own song fighting for your captivation.  Some say that together, the two musicians of nature are a great musical artwork, on par with those in the far west of had studied and created music hundreds of years ago; the roaring thunder as the deeper strings and winds and the great drums; the rain as the melodic smaller instruments.  Focused on a single sense, though, does not reveal the entire truth; can one watch a movie with only their sense of sight, or solely through their sense of smell?  A storm wouldn't strike fear into the hearts of so many who fail to understand it if it were so; the storm is a revered and fearful thing -- as is the lack of it.
						
My people were a nomadic one; they would follow storms, regardless of where they went, and where they went, they were often revered as the storm-bringers or cast away as spawn from the hells for similar reasons.  It generally depended on the villages' cultures and how plentiful rain was for them.  Though none with such a clan name, our tribes were called the "Santaru," due to our apparent ability for storm manipulation -- or that was what many believed, our traveling made it seem so and the truth was never contested, or so was ever told when the stories are told.  The stories were silenced only in the storm's roaring thunders, where the gods themselves wished the histories halted; even the gods fail in their patience; however, and we all learn in due time.

We were told stories of Manta the First and of Rama the Wise and the many other figures who led our tribes in times old and new.  From their words we learned all that was needed to be known: how to hunt and eat, which rains could be drunk, where the winds will take the storms and when the storms would end.  We learned the traditions of our father's father and were told of gods great and terrible.

In times old, seasons hundreds before, long before the first great cities of man, was the time of Manta the First.  The time of Manta was a time where only summer existed and storms filled the skies, each greater than the last.  Now, know that long before the great cities, townships were beginning and the birth of civilizations were at hand; each man could travel and hunt as they might now.  Manta was but a boy of fifteen, when his story began.  His namesday was naught for another moon, and with it, the Great One would become a man.  

On the full moon prior to his namesday, Manta was given a vision from the gods; they said unto him to travel to the Origin of Storms and that he would find favor in the gods upon arrival to the isles said to give birth to the lightning and rain.  Manta would travel south, alone, after the gods spoke to him, setting upon the trail the gods said to take.  Beyond the mountains of the north, each lush with forests of the summertime upon them until reaching the great sea, would Manta travel; a journey begun a child now truly begun as a man.

By means of raft, the Great One would continue to travel, a path of calm sea created by the gods in a body ravaged by storm.  In one moon's time, Manta reached the foretold isles of the gods: the Birthplace of Storms.  Here the skies were calm, darkened farther than Manta had ever seen by the clouds; yet, no rain nor lightning nor thunder filled the sky.  Such a peculiar thing, Manta thought.  The greatest of the islands was host to a volcano, no longer raging nor home to the thick red fire-water so many others held and it was here that Manta would make his prayers to the gods, prayers for their words and promises to him to finally be answered, here atop the great volcano upon the great island in the Birthplace of Storms.

The prayers were unanswered.  If it was not the greatest of the islands in the Birthplace of Storms where the gods wished for Manta to be, then where?  The people local to the Birthplace of Storms watched the foreign man with great curiosity.  Here, amongst them, was a man who the gods had brought unto them.  What omen was this man?  One of them, a woman said to speak to the gods, proclaimed his quest true, but the gods' folly.  They had sent Manta to the isles for naught, for it was not isles this south where the storms gave birth.  The woman proclaimed for Manta to follow the skies, each storm, with his people to find where the gods birth the clouds, and from there, find his blessing.  Manta took this woman's words to heart, for she spoke wise; his life was for naught should the gods mock him and give him false journey.  The blessing was for his people to have, even should it be that Manta himself not finds it for his people.  It was never for Manta to find, nor even his son; it is for the blessing the gods forswore that we follow each cloud, each storm, to find where it was born and where the gods wait.

A thousand thousands of moons had passed since the days of Manta the First for the times of Rama the Wise -- still many generations before our own.  The gods had created the seasons and storms no longer filled the skies; blue now filled the cloudless parts of the heavens during the day, and black filled the night; great cities and civilizations had risen and fallen and those who resided in them had become accustomed to the lazy life within their protected walls.

Our customs then, as they are now, had not changed even since the times of Manta the First; few of those from the cities we transversed joined our numbers welcomed, and, with each city's passing, a few of ours remained behind and such were the ways of it.  We held no structured laws of our own and forced nothing upon our own beyond helping each survive and each daily; even us, those who searched for the Birthplace of Storms had become lazy in these times, oft to the point of remaining in cities moons after a storm's passing or death.

The tribes had rested in one of the early great agricultural cities far north of the greater seas, where the storm they were following -- a great storm which had lasted nigh a month while followed -- had died upon the disappearing of the moon, now the moon was approaching its full showing.  The tribes were revered there and requested to rest for a while before travel, a decision the leaders had agreed to.  The areas around were approaching their harvest, yet feared for a low yield from small rains few and rare.

The rain was all that was needed and a plentiful harvest was yielded.  The leaders of the tribes were offered their own manses and gold and seats of high esteem to ensure the rains would continue to come to the city and outlying areas.  Most of the tribes leaders -- numerous from the great size and number of tribes under the name of Manta the First -- had agreed to such, arguing that this was the blessing the gods had sworn in times ancient.  Days of arguing between the leaders of the tribes yielded to the point of all accepting the city's offers but one: the true-born son of the ancient line of Manta the First, Rama.

Now filled with wine and meat and their pockets lined with fine metals, the leaders and members of their tribes watched the city rather than the sky, but not Rama, for he noticed what all else hadn't.  Where the harvest rains were to be was but a clear sky; where the orange moon of harvest was one was not; in its place was one of blood red, a sure sign of bad times to come.  

The night following the omen, Rama and his tribe -- the smallest of them all -- fled the city, turning down any more offers of gold or wine which dulled them.  They, fifty in all, had remained idle for far too long and this area had gone too dry without the rains, leaving the tribe to wander as blind.  Through plains, through forests, through cities to the far-east, they traveled until they had found a small coastal city on the northern tip of the great sea.  For four and twenty moons they wandered, the skies dry from the former tribes.  Word spread quickly of how those remaining tribes ending all rain, and how rain no longer fell to the grounds where the tribes came.

Rama begged an ear from the town; when they listened he told them of his story, of how the gods had forsaken the clan for choosing wine and gold as the gods' blessing.  Rama wished now only to seek their favour and return the rains to the clan and to the world.  Rama begged of those of the town to grant him a ship and a captain and he would bring back the worlds' rains.  Rama was granted ship and supplies, but none wished to captain for the accursed tribe.

For countless moons after, they sailed; the winds carrying them into the open sea, where they found land naught for any of those days.  The day sky showed no clouds and the night sky showed no stars; the tribe was under the illusion of the sea, trapped away from any land and any life, leaving them only to themselves and the madness that might ensue.  The madness did come, and one-by-one would the tribesmen vanish, no trace of them ever appearing on the ship after.  The size of the tribe dwindled, where fifty had been was but twelve after the madness; it seemed as though the gods wished for the tribes of Manta and their promise to him to end.

Why would the gods wish to end the family line of Manta the First, though, if it was that line which had remained faithful to their journey through the generations?  Rama prayed to the gods aboard that ship, asking for the answer to just that and he was answered.  Neither with words nor a vision as they had spoken to Manta with; Rama was answered with rain and thunder and lightning.  Above that ship in the waters where no land could be seen on horizon or any closer, dark clouds formed and rain fell onto the ground for the first in more moons than many could remember.

That night, the dozen tribesmen alive danced in the rain, danced the steps of celebration passed down from father to son for ages; they danced to celebrate what they believed to have been their ordeal completed.  Was it?  In their desperate plight to return the rains to the world, Rama and the tribe had forgotten their true task of seeking the Birthplace of Storms.  To remind them, the gods inflicted the remaining tribe with a curse, though not one that would affect them for some time.

The illusion of the sea was lifted from the ship and its remaining tribesmen soon after; a moon more travel brought them land.  A chain of many islands, each with their own halo of the darkened clouds of storms, none raining nor lightning was what they had found.  The Birthplace of Storms, they were believed to be, as fabled in their stories of old, of Manta the First, had been found again.  And, as Manta had before him, Rama prayed for what the gods had sworn for the Great One.

The gods must have heard Rama, for they answered him, unlike they had the ones before him.  Black lightning fell from the sky and struck Rama, as he prayed atop the false volcano Manta once prayed atop.  It was not death that the gods bestowed upon Rama, it was a new life.  Lightning had never struck in the islands, so surely it was a message from the gods!  What, though, did it mean?

Generations past showed what it was that the gods had bestowed unto the remaining tribe -- one that would grow to the size Rama had had.  The kids born of Rama's blood numbered always at least two and with no upper-limit.  From the children borne of the line, one seemed to watch the storms more than their brethren, oft to the point where it seems as though they might manipulate the storms themselves -- could they? -- And another, the dark-side of the lightning, would care not for the sky above, but the sands the tribe walked upon.  This odd one was often killed ceremoniously after birth, as to safe the tribe any grief from one that would not follow their customs -- despite the tribe allowing any to leave freely.

A storm was said to have been cut in two by a mountain to the north, and that our tribe evenly split to follow both before my birth.  Half of the tribe followed the remaining storm into the mainland, and the other tracked the ocean-bound clouds.  Our numbers were grand no longer; one observing our travels might think we were a traveling family rather than a nomadic tribe in these days.  Our history was forgotten by those who had settled the lands.  No longer were we praised as bringers of rain, nor offered free shelter nor food in the cities we passed by.  Perhaps, then, those who went by sea fared better.  It was to those that had given my birth, after all.

Keita, born to Mai, born to the line of Rama the Wise and Manta the First, was the name given to me.  Mai was part of the split tribe which traveled over the waters, tracking that storm across the waters, until they reached a mass of islands under the banner of a single country natives called "Storm."  Mai remained behind from the nomadic group in the country, stopping her life of travel for the sake of raising her son-to-be.  Doctors of the island had promised her twins, though, upon her birthing day, who was to be Keita's -- the one who had lived -- sister was stillborn.  To her son, Mai showed no grief, but no doubt, he believed, even as a child, it was there.

Taking on the equivalents of what the clansmen of ages before were, these denizens of the country of Storm molded Mai and her child.  What were their ancestors’ tribesmen were now their neighbors in their village; their ancestors' leaders were replaced with the village's elders.  The village educated both of the ways of the civilized world in exchange for the stories of their histories.

The village they family had settled into was one of small consequence; it was a small coastal village which's only notability was that it ferried travelers to more a nearby port city where they could travel from.  The village, simply put, provided a second travel route, one that was traditionally safer than by foot.  It was at an early age in this village where Keita had seen what a true Santaru was, and what it was was not what the tribes of old were.  Whereas the tribes followed a storm, these true Santaru had not any need; the Santaru were capable of producing the most amazing and awe-inducing storms at a whim.  It was fabled that it was those with such ability that the country was named for.

As a youth, Keita was a curious soul; he would follow many for days to learn their trade, or as much of it as he could before they were too annoyed with him for the child to continue.  The few children who did exist in the village took up apprenticeships soon into their childhood, opting for the careers of their family as their source of a primary education.  Mai had opted to find for her son an academy where Keita was to receive a formal education, learning more than what was taught as a trade.

The academy was a rather small one not far from the village, happening to exist in the port town where the village often ferried people to.  It was a small academy, one of the few buildings in the rural area sponsored by the state.  The building itself was in shambles, safely fitting no more than twenty or so in all; the academy's real training came from their funds, used to teach people the shinobi arts, commonly taught to those of the major hidden villages.  The basic skills taught here were ones applicable to most field of work.  Martial arts showed us discipline at an age much younger than our counterparts; espionage forced us to become masters of memory, of words, and of numbers; those of us whom were capable of were taught how to manipulate and use chakra in whichever required form we might have needed.  The teachings for a year were grueling and difficult, where we began a class of twelve, more than half had left.

It was the second year of their schooling when everything changed.
[/quote]

[quote="Part 2"] 
All were called to the school grounds the day prior; each's attendance to the school was mandatory for tomorrow.  Some man was supposed to be visiting us, us five whom were left in our class.  Beyond such, all were ignorant of the events that were to come.  Given how few who were required to show and the information known by the school, tracking down each of us would not be difficult, even if we had chosen to go into hiding for whatever reason.  In order to ensure we were "well-rested" and safe from any illness, the school was closed for whatever this event was.

The weeks before, the training undergone by the class had become ever-increasingly intense.  Memorization of strings of text a page long after seeing it for times less than a minute, transporting a wagon of stones across the city within an hour if you wanted to eat another meal that day, things to push our mental and physical abilities to their limit.  If this was some kind of important day, the most that any of us could really guess was that it was some kind of diagnostic testing day, a day to prove how great the five of us really were.

When the time came, the sun fell and rose a little too swiftly; the time came fast and it was finally the time to determine what it was the class had to do this day.  Keita prepared as he would any other day, bathing and donning typical equipment the academy required.  The ferry ride and the short walk to the building brought the descendant of the tribe to his destination in what felt like no time.  Inside, four were discussing on the other side of the room and four other's eyes, which happened to be much closer, followed Keita as he reached them.  The five, the instructor and three strangers, paid no attention as the final of the class arrived, their time would come no doubt.

Of the four strangers, each had a distinct look.  One man, donned in an azure blue robe and with a small book and clipboard, seemed to be in direct charge, given how he spoke with the instructor, one who was generally a stern-faced middle-aged man, but now seemed to be giving into whatever the other guy said.  With them was a titan of a man, built of muscle mass which seemed impossible for anybody to manage, armed with a sharpened hulk of steel which appeared it might weigh a quarter ton.  The Titan didn't speak, but, rather, watched the conversation occur; if Keita had to guess, he was the troupe's bodyguard or enforcer or whatever position they'd need when a situation got violent.  The fourth was a rather young woman, donned in a full-length dress fashioned in the styles of the islands, matching in colour of the robed man.  She held her tongue for the most part, opting to speak where it seemed the other man stopped at times and adding words of agreeal every few statements, near the point where she seemed to be a dog barking for their owner.  If she appeared more similar to the guy, one might even guess she was his daughter.

Whatever the robed guy had said must have finally sent the instructor over the limit.  Throwing papers just handed to him, to the ground, the stern demeanor Keita had seen for a year had finally returned.  The instructor shouted his refusal to the group before arming himself with a dagger he had sheathed on his hip just a moment ago.  Obviously not taking light to this, the Titan would move forward, ripping the sharpened mass of metal from his back; if the instructor was fazed by this, it wasn't shown; he held his ground and showed no fear.  Rather than cowering away, shouted a phrase which burned itself into the young mind of Keita: "May these students succeed.  If they do, I'll see you in the hells." [TAG 1]

Despite being armed, the instructor did nothing to prevent what was to come.  Could he?  The Titan would bring the sharpened end of the metal down on the instructor in an overhead arc; the blade sliced through the body easily until near the pelvis, where it was stuck.  He died instantly, Keita wanted to hope.  None of the students did anything once their teacher had died.  They all, Keita included, watched silently the death of the teacher whom had trained them for a year.  He wasn't a bad man, why would he take a blade to the visitors?  Keita didn't understand.  Nothing felt real; was this all a dream?  It had to be!  Surely, Keita would wake up in his bed and today was the day they met the [i]real[/i] visitors!  Yeah!  That had to be it!  There was no way these three could be the real ones!  The human carcass of the instructor looked real enough; the blood and innards which found their way to stain the cracked concrete flooring looked real enough.  Death wasn't a foreign concept for any of them; must understood what it meant -- fully meant -- yet had never experienced it before; the five had a child's ignorance.

The robed man would step forward, stepping around the body, towards us five.  None of us did anything nor said anything.  Did each of them think this to be a dream as well?  Their eyes all seemed to be either on the one walking towards us, the Titan, or the body.  The man walking towards us showed neither pity nor regret for the students; rather, he wore an eerie grin which seemed almost as if he were glad of the murder.  He offered false apologies, giving an excuse of country officials needing special protection.  A load of shit, it was.  This school was sponsored by the State, thus these three being here.

He said that our education was going to be moved, something that was not optional.  He said he knew where we lived, in the case we decided not to come; this was the last night we would live in our homes.  We were all going to the capital for even more extensive training.  He had also told us not to speak about the death of our instructor and that this school was to be shut down immediately.  After his short speech, we all left.

However fast it felt arriving to the school had nothing in comparison to the time it felt to return to the house where Keita resided.  Had resided.  Keita recited what was told to him before immediately going to sleep.  Mai's sobbing could be heard through the night.  She was a mother losing her child at an age much younger than otherwise.  She had lost one before, with Keita to leave, she would have none.  It might have been a tearful goodbye the born of the clan might have had if Keita had any emotions to show.

Sleep that night was fitful at best; the moment the boy drifted into sleep, the images of the instructor being cleaved, the robed man's eerie grin, and the words spoken before the instructor died came to mind, jolting him awake again.  It was the first death Keita had seen; it was the first death one willingly took while not by the law Keita had known, even stories told in the village had none like it.

It was early morning when Keita awoken the final time; Mai's crying had finally ceased.  She had likely fallen asleep after a tearful night.  Silently, Keita would steal away into the early morning, stopping only at the pier to take a final look to the village he had lived in for seven years.  A final time to try to hold the memory of his home.  Mai hadn't heard her son leave, or at least, didn't stop him.  That much was a relief; seeing him again would only make the ordeal more difficult for the mother.

With the little money Keita had, he had managed to hire for a ferry, managing to convince the sailor to captain it for a slightly more expensive pay.  By the time Keita had reached the former-academy building, the sun had finally risen, breaking over the horizon on the sea.  It was too beautiful a sunrise for a day like this.  The dark clouds reflected brilliant oranges and reds in exchange for their standard greys.  There waiting was the murderer, the Titan, standing by the shut door of the building, the hulking piece of metal obvious behind him.  Sitting on the ground some distance from him were two of the classmates: a girl of seven, a scrawny thing with short auburn hair who had a knack for memorization and finding things out, by the name of Ami, and a boy, age eight with too much energy and too much strength -- he was the only one who could manage to pull a cart alone across the town when the exercise came along -- named <name>.  Despite both of their general up-beat nature, both seemed sullen and tired.  Both made sense given the situation and the current time.

Time passed, the sun rose into the sky and the other two students had arrived.  It wasn't for a while longer that the robed man had stepped out from the building, whispering something to the Titan, after which the hulk of a man walked towards us five.  As if preparing to travel, we got up from dirt we where we had sat in relative silence for hours.  He was walking closer to Keita, who sat in the middle of the five.  He moved his hand into a fist and rammed it into his head.  The last think Keita heard was a scream; the last thing he felt was pain.

[i]The scene kept repeating itself; no matter the circumstances, it never changed.  The instructer was cleaved, the brute of a human stood there as though it were some mechanical creation after, and the robed man walked towards us smiling...always smiling.

Why couldn't he run and stop it?  Why?!  WHY?!  Keita was forced each time to not move; he was paralized by his failure to act, the one thing he was taught to do.  It seemed the only thing he could do was scream for it all to end.  A hundred times, the sharpened metal split the man in two and a hundred times the boy screamed for it to end.

The building was burning, as though it were just another building in some hellish world; the desks were melted or melting, their wooden tops already gone.  The flames licked at the white, painted roof, some areas had already burnt through, but the flames made it impossible to see through those areas.  Despite the fire, none seemed fazed by such; each repeated what they did each time.  The instructor died; the robed man grinned; the woman watched with apathy; the other students just stood there.  Keita seemed to be the only one who could act differently...not that any difference was made.  His shouts for mercy -- for it all to end -- fell onto deaf ears.

"...he's too active for me to work on."
"Can't you do anything about it?"

Words came from nowhere, as though there were some omnipotent being watching Keita's hell, yet communicating on a subject completely different.  "Work on?"

The fire consumed all; even the people who the boy watched over and over in a perpetual loop were melted into a blacken ash...a black world.  There was nothing now, even the voices were gone.  Keita screamed.[/i]

"Put the damn kid to sleep already!  It'll be your head the Daimyo gets if this operation fails from malpractice!" some woman's voice demanded.  She sounded familiar...yet the boy could not place a finger on who's it might be.  People were moving all over, the sound of their footsteps made such more than obvious.

Upon cracking his eyes open, Keita was blinded by the intensity of light.  It was bright...much more so than anything else he had experienced.  Where was he?  Before he was attacked by that massive man, then...a blank came to what had happened afterwards.

"The kid's awake again!  Get the anestetic!" the same woman's voice shouted.   [TAG 2]
<describe room/surgeon.  Put back under aestetic>
<finally awaken, feel top of face bandaged.  Extreme headache.  Classes begin, Keita takes intel ones since he can't exactly see <<; >
<Academy taken under control of the Daimyo of Storm / Byak Eye Kin App Pt. 1>
<Keita & 2 other student finish the school and are employed by the Daimyo to continue training / Byak. Eye Kin App. Pt.2>
<Sent to inflitrate Mist>
<Sent to Kiri as students, manage to act as Kirians>
<Graduate from Mist Academy, above average due to heavy training when younger, still fully faithful to Storm, although not shown / Byak. Eye Kin App. Pt.3>
[/quote]

[quote="Part 3"]
<During the coronation of the second Mizukage, one of Keita's partners were caught and arrested, Keita and remaining partner do nothing to blow cover>
<Infiltrate ranking of shinobi with goal in mind>
<Recruited as MiT out of necessity during monster raids>
<Learned of the creation of the ANBU Medic team and was suggested to join due to having medical background already>
[/quote]